---
title: year of 2019
description: how was it for us?
image: calendar.jpg
permalink: /2019/
redirect_from:
  - /year/
  - /not2018/
  - /before2020/
layout: draft
published: true
---

this is my profile on badoo, a chinese dating platform based on tinder.

it's also a good summary of my "personal" life in 2019. big part of my quests for most of my life.

although, right now, my professional focus is on building [caxanga](/caxanga).

# [cregox, 38, Palmela](https://bdo.to/u/86Uxb1VAp8_BNkSLw)

loves life... and death! 😲🤪

got no money. zero. nada. only left with the super power of confusion! and the curse of "smartness" or some sort of  "intelligence" which helps almost nothing with financial issues.

looking for life long partners (either singular or plural, whatever works) to live and work in community, on a smallish piece of land, far enough from the city and light pollution. like Tamera. where, in fact, i may end up living in. soon we'll see.

been married for 10 years and since June 2019, ok my 38th birthday, we're living far from each other, mostly separated but still looking for a common ground for partnership and great sex. still meet with her for that. she doesn't want kids, i do but only in community. i don't want to raise kids on my own or with a single partner, at all.

would love to become a woman, for the sexual and social experience. but would never go through the crazy transitioning surgeries only to have a forever dry partial vagina, among many other little known issues related to the process.

i study, on my own, esperanto and languages (including computer), political theory, philosophy, hypnosis and the mind, healing sexuality, tantra, eros playground, computers and technology, permaculture and sintropy, boomerangs and cooking. great at being around average for lots of different tasks, jack of all trades matter of none, and organising lots of things but not all.
